Informed Consent

**Wake Forest's Influenza Trends**

1.  **Study Description**

You are invited to participate in a research study examining the flu
vaccination rates on campus in order to understand the economic---and by
extent academic---impact of influenza. Although not all of the aspects
of the research can be fully described at this time, a full explanation
will be provided upon request at the conclusion of the study. Currently,
faculty participants are being recruited in an attempt to get a
wholistic understanding of the transmission of influenza on campus.

2.  **Participation Description**

Your participation includes regarding your/your students' flu vaccine
history from the 2018-2019 academic year. It should take approximately
three to five minutes to complete. If you do not feel comfortable
completing this information via this form, we can provide a hard copy
upon request for manual data entry.

3.  **Risk & Confidentiality**

We do not anticipate any risk for you by participating in this survey.
The study team will work to ensure the protection of any data submitted.
All records will be electronically stored in the Wake Forest Google
Drive account of the principal investigator(s) and/or
co-investigator(s). For data analysis, the files may be downloaded to a
study team members' hard drive. Names and emails will be removed from
the data files to protect anonymity. Please note, however, that while in
transmission on the internet, your responses may not be entirely secure.

4.  **Benefits**

While we cannot promise any direct benefits to you for participation in
this study, we hope it may provide you more information on the impact of
influenza on Wake Forest's campus.

5.  **Participation Information**

Your participation in this research is voluntary. You may discontinue
your participation at any time without penalty by closing your browser
window. Any responses entered to that point will be deleted. You may
also choose to not answer any question(s) you do not wish to for any
reason.

6.  **Contact Information**

If you have any questions, or at any time wish to have your data
excluded, please contact Principal Investigator at
principal\@investigator.edu with the subject line: Informed Consent
Question for IRB\# 123456789. If you have questions about your rights as
a research subject, contact the Office of Research and Sponsored
Programs at 123-456-7891 or office\@program.edu.

7.  **Signatures**

By clicking "Next," you indicate that you are at least 18 years old and
that you agree to participate in this research project. You will advance
to the survey. If you do not wish to participate, please close your
browser window.
